Manual test for the user story ‘GUI - Define materials’

Test Goal: Check whether a sub-widget appears in the library widget that contains labels for each property to explain the property name, a field for entering the value and a selectable unit
User Story: As a student of material sciences, I’d like to easily select different materials for a given model, so that I can easily switch between and experiment with them to get a better feel for their behaviour. I’d like to see the properties of each material when I select them.

Prerequisites: Successful cloning of the Git repository, Python extension activated, Python interpreter selected (Python 3.9+), dependencies installed (pyside6)

Preparation:
1. Open project in IDE
    1. Open the IDE of your choice
    2. Open the cloned project folder in the IDE
    3. Make sure that the correct Python interpreter is selected
    4. Installing dependencies: Make sure that the package pyside6 is installed on the executing Python version, otherwise install it.
    5. Switch to the branch to test

Test:
1. Start of the application:
    1. Run the file ∼/magnetic-soft-robots/main.py
2. Check the behaviour of the application: Check whether a sub widget with the name "Material Configuration" opens in the interface at start.
3. Window check:
    1. Selecting materials
    2. Selecting material behavior
    3. Input field with label for Young modulus:
        a. Input of positive values with up to four decimal digits possible
        b. Input of invalid characters not possible (negative numbers, non-numeric characters except comma and dot)
    4. Input field with label for Poisson ratio:
        a. Input allowed: positive decimal values between 0 and 0.4999 with up to four decimal places.
        b. Invalid input is restricted to ensure only values between 0 and 0.5 are allowed (excluding negative numbers, non-numeric characters, except comma and dot).
    5. Input field with label for density:
        a. Input allowed: positive numbers between 0 and 30000 with up to two decimal places.
        b. Invalid input is restricted to ensure only values between 0 and 30000 are allowed (excluding negative numbers, non-numeric characters, except comma and dot).
    6. Input field with label for remanence:
        a. Input allowed: numbers between -2.0 and 2.0 with up to three decimal places.
        b. Invalid input is restricted to ensure only values between -2.0 and 2.0 are allowed (excluding non-numeric characters, except comma and dot).
    7. Displays the parameters of the selected material.
        a. The parameters of the selected material are displayed in the parameter fields.
        b. The values change correctly when changing between materials
    8. Selection of different unit sizes
        a. Selection between different sizes for Youngs Modulus
        b. Selection between different sizes for Density
        c. The values change correctly when changing between unit sizes
4. Check the console output: Ensure that no unexpected errors or warnings occur in the integrated terminal.

Expected result
	1. Sub-widget appears correctly.
	2. Labels are correct and complete.
	3. Value input is possible
	4. Invalid input is restricted
	5. Drop-down menus for unit sizes for Youngs Modulus and Density are available and working.
	6. Drop-down menus for material selection and behavior are available and working.
	7. No errors or warnings in the console.

run at 2025-01-11T18:30+01:00:
1. FAIL: not cloned in ~ (cloned in ~/tuda/fs5/git_repo/)
2. PASS
3.1. PASS
3.2. PASS
3.3.a. PASS
3.3.b. PASS
3.4.a. PASS
3.4.b. FAIL: 0.5 not possible, comma not possible
3.5.a. PASS
3.5.b. PASS
3.6.a. PASS
3.6.b. FAIL: comma not possible
3.7.a. PASS
3.7.b. PASS
3.8.a. PASS
3.9.a. PASS
3.9.c. PASS
4. PASS: Looking for JSON file at: /home/heiko/Documents/tuda/fs5/TpSe/git_repo/magnetic-soft-robots/gui/../lib/materials/magnetic_soft_robot_materials.json
